[docs] Example serve llm deployment (#55819)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/ray-overview/examples/deployment-serve-llm/large-size-llm/README.md

# Deploying a large-size LLM

A large-size LLM typically runs on multiple nodes with multiple GPUs, prioritizing peak quality and capability: stronger reasoning, broader knowledge, longer context windows, more robust generalization. It’s the right choice when state-of-the-art results are required and higher latency, complexity, and cost are acceptable trade-offs.

> This tutorial walks you through deploying a large-size LLM like DeepSeek-R1 (685&nbsp;B parameters) using Ray Serve LLM. For smaller model, see [Deploying a small-size LLM](https://docs.ray.io/en/latest/ray-overview/examples/deployment-serve-llm/small-size-llm/README.html) or [Deploying a medium-size LLM](https://docs.ray.io/en/latest/ray-overview/examples/deployment-serve-llm/medium-size-llm/README.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tutorial deploys a large-size LLM like DeepSeek-R1 (685&nbsp;B parameters) using Ray Serve LLM. For smaller model, see [Deploying a small-size LLM](https://docs.ray.io/en/latest/ray-overview/examples/deployment-serve-llm/small-size-llm/README.html) or [Deploying a medium-size LLM](https://docs.ray.io/en/latest/ray-overview/examples/deployment-serve-llm/medium-size-llm/README.html).
```
